Generalize to allow Integer flow (#3408)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/dae.tex

The key difference between the two groups of discrete-time variables $z$ and and $m$ here is how they are determined.
The interpretation of the solved form of \eqref{eq:dae-discrete-valued} is that given values for everything else, there is a closed-form solution for $m$ in the form of a sequence of assignments to each of the variables of $m$ in turn -- there must be no cyclic dependencies between the equations used to solve for $m$.
Further, each of the original model equations behind \eqref{eq:dae-discrete-valued} must be given in almost solved form:
\begin{itemize}
\item

>   For non-\lstinline!Integer! at most requiring flipping sides of the equation to obtain the used assignment form.

Reviewer: More readable:
```suggestion
  Non-\lstinline!Integer! equations at most requiring flipping sides of the equation to obtain the used assignment form.
```

\item

>   For \lstinline!Integer! uniquely as a term (without any multiplicative factor) on either side of the equation, at most requiring addition or subtraction of a previously computed value to obtain the used assignment form.

Reviewer: Match style of previous item:
```suggestion
  For \lstinline!Integer! equations the solved variable must appear uniquely as a term (without any multiplicative factor) on either side of the equation, at most requiring addition or subtraction of other terms in the equation to obtain the used assignment form.
```
